=head1 NAME

inw -- inotifywait(1) wrapper

=head1 SYNOPSIS

inw [options and inotifywait arguments]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

I<inw> is a wrapper for I<inotifywait> (from L<inotify-tools|https://github.com/rvoicilas/inotify-tools/wiki>)
that waits for a given time after a file change for additional changes and returns if no changes
have been made for a specific amount of time.

This might be useful if you trigger e.g. L<unison|http://www.cis.upenn.edu/~bcpierce/unison/> from a shell
script or incrond but don't want to synchronize on B<every> change but rather when nothing has been
written for like 5 seconds.

=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 NOTE

Options can't be be bundled, that is, you can't write I<-ABC 123> for I<-A -B -C 123>. I<-ABC> would
be recogized as I<-A BC>, that is I<BC> being an argument to I<-A>.

You can mix I<inw> options and I<inotifywait> arguments on the command line; everything unknown
to I<inw> will be passed to I<inotifywait>.

=over 4

=item B<-T I<NUM>>

Wait I<NUM> seconds after the last change to a file for other changes before returning.

=item B<-M I<NUM>>

Exit after I<NUM> seconds after the first change to a file, regardless of B<-T>. This is
an overall timeout to prevent I<inw> from never returning if something changes a file
continuously.

=item B<-V>

Be verbose.

=item B<-N>

Assume the first change to a file has already been done; just watch out for subsequent
writes. Might be useful from within L<incron|http://inotify.aiken.cz/?section=incron&page=about&lang=en>.

=back

=head1 BUGS

Probably. Please report them to the L<GitHub issue tracker|https://github.com/yath/inw/issues>,
preferably with pull request :-).

=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Sebastian Schmidt <yath@yath.de>.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of
the GNU General Public License version 2 (B<not> "any later" and B<no> different version) as
published by the Free Software Foundation.

=cut
